so let's go around and introduce
ourselves I'm Winston I slaughtered my
entire family and now I'm trying to
atone for it by profiteering
I am tired the bull crusher I dine on
the testicles of my enemy
I'm Gendo I'm pretty good with the sword
but I guess my weaknesses I tend to eat
too many of these solutions genic
berries and I wake up in different parts
of the forest I feed on spleens hmm okay
what a great sleeve where am I
hey berries
do you
hold it right there ponytail move aside
swine I am on a journey a journey of
great destiny ha this guy looks like you
carry a hefty purse full of coins my
destiny is too great and plentiful for
any purse
I feel dogs needs spleens in I can see
we're going down to teach this guy so
hungry hmm eating your own companion day
you must surely be a worthy foe
remember be fair you did not deserve to
taste the steel of my sword of Destiny
hmm what manner of very crazed fool has
crossed my path this day
congratulations very fiend you have
earned the respect of great destiny man
for it was your destiny to save my life
today from this day forth you shall be
my apprentice what
you